hey guys explanation pro is here today
i'll explain an american superhero
comedy film titled
thunder force spoilers incoming in the
beginning of the movie we see that in
march 1983 earth was subjected to cosmic
race that gave many people super powers
and these people were basically
sociopaths and evil people
and this resulted in the rise of
supervillains known as miscreants one
day they attacked a train and many
people died in the process
in the next scene we see emily who lost
her parents in the train accident she
promised herself that she will create
superheroes one day who will fight
against the miscreants because she had
lost both her parents she is now living
with her grandmother in the next scene
we see she is in her school taking her
class when the teacher questions her she
answers it correctly and just then the
boy sitting behind her says something
abusive to her lydia who is another girl
in their class sees this and asks the
boy to shut up in recess the same boy
surrounds emily with his friends to beat
her they are jealous of her as she is
very smart the boy pushes her lyria
comes there and pushes him back asking
him to go inside the dustbin seeing
lydia so confident brave and strong the
boy gets scared and goes inside the
dustbin after this emily and lydia
became best friends emily then tells
lydia about her parents and she also
tells her that because of the miscreants
this happened
moreover she tells her that she wants to
kill the miscreants
this impressed lydia as there is no one
who can stop them and she thinks they
need superheroes or otherwise they will
destroy the earth time passes by and
both of them are now teenagers lydia
helps emily as well she looks after the
fact that emily doesn't lose her mind
due to her study pressure
one day when emily is preparing for her
exam lydia comes to her and tells her to
sleep a little bit as she is studying
for a long time
she tells her that she will wake her up
but she falls asleep beside her as well
eventually emily becomes late and gets
mad at lydia for not waking her up she
tells her that she always does this and
they start quarreling
lydia also gets mad at her telling her
that if emily is special then who knows
maybe one day she could become the prime
minister saying this lydia breaks her
best friend's band that emily gave her
and leaves they broke their friendship
now we see it's been years and lydia
works at a small company she is going
somewhere and on her way she notices
that a police car is chasing a miscreant
named laser
she attacks the car with her laser beams
laser notices lydia and she attacks her
as well but misses then lydia goes to a
restaurant for having lunch the owner of
the restaurant frank knows her
he tells lydia that she should meet
emily now in their school reunion she
tells him that she doesn't have her
number hearing this frank gives her
emily's number which is given by her
grandmother she comes back to work at
her place and texts emily to join her in
the school reunion that night when she
reached home she found out that emily
has replied emily replies that she will
come
next day lydia goes to their school
reunion everyone came at the reunion but
emily didn't come
then lydia notices that in the news
they're talking about emily she is now a
successful scientist and she runs a
company named stanton lydia then decides
to go to her company to pick her up so
she goes there to meet her after so many
years upon reaching the company she asks
for emily at the reception the
receptionist asks lydia if she has any
appointment and in response she tells
the receptionist that she is her best
friend then we see after many years both
of them finally meet each other lily
asks emily to come with her to the
school reunion party but emily replies
that she feels sorry as she can't come
she then tells her that she didn't know
that the party is today only moreover
she has a lot of work so she can't come
then emily tells lydia to wait for her
in her office and not to touch anything
she will be back soon and saying this
she leaves her office but as soon as she
leaves lydia does the same thing she
touches everything and while doing this
she accidentally pulls a lever
she then sits on the experimental chair
thinking that it is a normal chair
just then the chair locks her hands and
feet and injects a serum on her she
starts screaming hearing her screams
everyone in the company gathers there
emily also arrives and seeing lydia like
this she becomes very angry then she
tells her that she has ruined her
research she also tells lydia that as
she has taken the serum emily can no
longer fight the miscreants and win
against them because she was supposed to
take the serum she asks lydia to stay
here with them as she has no other
option lydia is supposed to take the
special treatment and training in the
beginning she refused to stay here but
emily tells her that without the
treatment and training she could die
because of the serum so then she agrees
to it then emily shows her the room in
which she will be staying there she
meets emily's daughter tracy this shocks
her completely as emily never told her
about her daughter
then from the next day lydia starts her
training and treatment along with her
emily also starts taking her
invisibility pills actually emily wanted
to take both the serum and the pill for
herself but lydia now is one of them
which will give her super strength
now one day lydia is watching the news
showing that miss koreans are making
chaos everywhere and she becomes worried
emily comes to her and gives her a bowl
full of raw chicken
seeing this lydia cannot control her
hunger and starts eating the raw chicken
like an animal
this is actually the side effect of the
treatment we see that her training keeps
on going and after 35 days of regular
training she becomes extremely powerful
along with lydia emily has also
completed her treatment and now she can
become invisible completely both of them
are now superheroes they wear their
costumes and take their supercar to
reach the location of their new mission
tracy and her new assistant ali are
leading them emily and lydia go to a
shop where miss koreans have attacked to
steal from the shop
both of them then start fighting with
the miscreants and they begin to beat
each miscreant present there in the
meantime lydia meets a miscreant named
jerry who is a crab
after some time jerry leaves the store
with his team the owner then asks emily
if they also belong to the miscreant
team in response she replies that they
are thunder force and they are
superheroes then a video of them goes
viral everyone now believes that thunder
force will now come and save them from
miscreants
the king comes to know about this that
two superheroes have emerged to fight
against the miscreants he gets mad at
this point because he was elected as
mayor candidate and he promised everyone
that if people give their votes to him
then he will save them from the
miscreants but now two superheroes are
here to save them so now no one will
give him the vote and he will lose
here we also come to know that he is the
leader of the miscreants he is the one
who is behind all of this he orders the
other miscreants to rob the stores to
create chaos so that other people will
get scared of them and then he promises
them that once he will become mayor he
will save everyone like this he asks for
votes and planned everything here we see
jerry as well who was stealing from the
store last night the king orders the
miscreants that they should do something
about lydia and emily
in the next scene we see the king attack
stanton and arrives there with his
mesquian team he then offers lydia and
emily to join his mystery and team
otherwise he will kill them they reject
his offer and they realize that he is
also a miscreant and he actually is
behind all this
the king then leaves stanton with laser
next we see rachel has won the election
and seeing this the king becomes very
angry he was supposed to be the mayor
before the arrival of the thunder force
he gets so angry that he orders laser to
kill a man who is also a miscreant
and she kills him seeing the man dying
calms him down he then arranges a
conference and declares that he will
congratulate rachel for being elected as
mayor
and he will throw a party in her honor
lydia meets jerry at the restaurant
secretly they have come on a date and
are talking about different stuff
jerry then reveals king's plan he tells
her that king is planning to blast a
bomb at rachel and kill her he also
tells her that due to the bomb's blast
many people could die
next we see that at the conference the
king hands the mayor the microphone and
leaves the stage he leaves the
conference hall as well soon the bomb
will blast thunder force also arrives
there
on the other hand we see tracy and ali
leading the thunder force just then ally
asks tracy to bring her coffee when she
is coming back she hears ally talking to
lazer on the phone and giving her all
the information
tracy comes to know that ali is a
betrayer and is one of them
she grabs a vase and hits her from the
back and makes her unconscious
moreover she informs lydia and emily
that ali is involved with the miscreants
next we see lydia and emily are
searching for the bomb and just then the
king and his mystery and team arrives in
front of them they start fighting and we
see the king is as powerful as lydia the
fight between the two becomes intense in
no time
on the other hand emily is fighting
laser but she is not that much strong
like her laser is about to throw laser
beams at emily just then tracy comes
there in her white super suit with her
super speed and throws laser across the
room
here we come to know that tracy has also
taken the serum without emily's
permission and she doesn't even know
about it now she's also a superhero like
them seeing her like this lydia and
emily both get shocked next we see king
is about to hit lydia again but just
then jerry comes there and stops him he
shows his courage and bravery against
his boss for the first time he tries to
save her just then the king gets mad at
him and breaks jerry's hand seeing this
lydia proves a metal pole and hits king
with it tossing him across the building
then lydia emily and tracy starts to
discuss the bomb and what to do with it
lydia decides to sacrifice herself and
jump out of the building taking it with
her as soon as the bomb and she hits the
floor the bomb explodes and lydia dies
in the process
emily comes to her and she is weeping
she thinks lydia has died and she is
feeling terrible but just then lydia
wakes up this means she isn't dead then
we see rachel come to lydia and emily
and thanks them she then gives them
official responsibility to protect the
city in the post-credits scene we see
lydia and jerry eating raw chicken as
they both love to eat raw meat jerry's
crab hands are also growing back and the
movie ends here thank you so much for
watching if you enjoyed this video
please hit the like button and also
subscribe to my channel for more videos
like this see you in the next video